cuento chinos is a program that will
try to compete with El
Hormiguero, which is what happens. It has already been
approved in the Telecinco season promo
and the Friday program does not appear.
Telecinco is already promoting
cuentos chinos,
Jorge Javier Vázquez's new program for Access to
Prime Time will face El Hormiguero.
I hope Jorge Javier Vázquez triumphs
again in audiences. The new
season of Telecinco
returns with live life. This La que se
avecina,
a multidisciplinary information entertainment space,
a season full of shows, the
musical of your life, you
have a
daring truth
that does not appear. Jorge is the only one who does not
appear in the promo,
Sandra Barne's Friday program does not appear.